Add instructions about how to release actions (#541)
smartcontractkit/.github: README.md

Once ready to release this new action, run `pnpm changeset` to create the
initial changeset file and bump the minor version.

### Releasing updated actions

Let's assume that you made a PR with a change in one of the reusable actions,

> and you would like to release it. To do that, follow the steps below:

Reviewer: We should reword this so it's obvious that ideally you'll run `pnpm changeset` before creating the PR. The changeset should be in the branch before the PR is merged.

Author: It's updated now

- Run `pnpm changset` in the git top level directory.
- This repo contains multiple packages, so it will ask you for which package it
  should generate changeset update.
- Answer remaining questions. At the end, you will have a new
  `.changeset/<random-name>.md` file generated.
- Now you need to commit and push changeset updates to your PR

> After merging your PR, the renovate bot will create a PR like
> [this one](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/.github/pull/540) Which contains
> a release bump.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After merging your PR, a changesets CI job will create a PR like
[this one](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/.github/pull/540) which contains
a release bump.
```

Author: fixed
